README.md, before:

  

# __terminal :computer:
my custom terminal setup

![GIF demonstration](https://github.com/emkis/__terminal/blob/master/.github/demo.gif?raw=true)

## :electric_plug: how to setup? *follow step by step*


### :nail_care: interface
the ui that i use for terminals is [hyper](https://hyper.is), but you can use your native terminal if you want.<br />
the hyper configuration file for this theme you can [get here](https://gist.github.com/emkis/80bf4a7ca07ccb3e9befda748445456b#file-minimal_border-green-hyper-js)

### :wrench: shell | tools | plugins
this is the step by step to install everything you need tools, if you have something you already have installed, or don't want to use, just skip this step

#### 1. git
```bash
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install git -y
```

#### 2. curl
```bash
sudo apt-get install curl
```

#### 3. nvm
```bash
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.37.2/install.sh | bash
# after nvm installation is complete, close and reopen your terminal to start using nvm
```

#### 3. node  +  yarn
```bash
# to install the latest node lts version
nvm install --lts

# or if you want install the lastest version of node, run:
nvm install node

curl -sS https://dl.yarnpkg.com/debian/pubkey.gpg | sudo apt-key add -
echo "deb https://dl.yarnpkg.com/debian/ stable main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/yarn.list
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install yarn
```

#### 4. oh my zsh
```bash
sudo apt install zsh -y
sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/master/tools/install.sh)"
```

#### 5. adding *plugins* & *theme* to zsh
```bash
# installing plugins
git clone https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting.git ${ZSH_CUSTOM:-~/.oh-my-zsh/custom}/plugins/zsh-syntax-highlighting

git clone https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions ${ZSH_CUSTOM:-~/.oh-my-zsh/custom}/plugins/zsh-autosuggestions

git clone https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-completions ${ZSH_CUSTOM:=~/.oh-my-zsh/custom}/plugins/zsh-completions

# installing theme: Spaceship
git clone https://github.com/denysdovhan/spaceship-prompt.git "$ZSH_CUSTOM/themes/spaceship-prompt"

ln -s "$ZSH_CUSTOM/themes/spaceship-prompt/spaceship.zsh-theme" "$ZSH_CUSTOM/themes/spaceship.zsh-theme"
```

#### 6. *setting up* zsh customizations
you need to open the `.zshrc` file in your home folder and add this configurations, **don't forget to change the username** in *line 2*

open the `~/.zshrc` file and paste this
```bash
# path to oh-my-zsh installation
export ZSH="/home/emkis/.oh-my-zsh"

# theme setting
# more themes here: https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh/wiki/Themes
ZSH_THEME="spaceship"

# just cool plugins
plugins=(
  git
  node
  yarn
  zsh-syntax-highlighting
  zsh-autosuggestions
  zsh-completions
)

# permission to zsh use root
ZSH_DISABLE_COMPFIX=true

# i've no idea, just leave this line here
source $ZSH/oh-my-zsh.sh

# spaceship theme customizations
SPACESHIP_PROMPT_ORDER=(
  user          # Username section
  dir           # Current directory section
  host          # Hostname section
  git           # Git section (git_branch + git_status)
  hg            # Mercurial section (hg_branch  + hg_status)
  node          # Node.js section
  exec_time     # Execution time
  line_sep      # Line break
  vi_mode       # Vi-mode indicator
  jobs          # Background jobs indicator
  exit_code     # Exit code section
  char          # Prompt character
)

SPACESHIP_PROMPT_ADD_NEWLINE=true     # add a new line after executing a command
SPACESHIP_CHAR_SYMBOL="⤷"             # custom symbol
SPACESHIP_CHAR_SUFFIX=" "             # character after the arrow
SPACESHIP_NODE_PREFIX=""              # removes prefix before node version

# definig path for yarn global packages
export PATH="$(yarn global bin):$PATH"

# defining path for nvm
export NVM_DIR="$HOME/.nvm"
[ -s  "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh" ] && \.  "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh"  # This loads nvm
[ -s  "$NVM_DIR/bash_completion" ] && \.  "$NVM_DIR/bash_completion"  # This loads nvm bash_completion

```

---

#### maybe this can give you dope ideas to create your terminal setup :bulb:

the spaceship theme have a lot of options to customize, find out more [here](https://github.com/denysdovhan/spaceship-prompt/blob/master/docs/Options.md)

**i love spaceship**, but you can find A LOT of cool themes for zsh [here](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh/wiki/External-themes)

Commit message:

docs: add last version of nvm

README.md, after:

  

# __terminal :computer:
my custom terminal setup

![GIF demonstration](https://github.com/emkis/__terminal/blob/master/.github/demo.gif?raw=true)

## :electric_plug: how to setup? *follow step by step*


### :nail_care: interface
the ui that i use for terminals is [hyper](https://hyper.is), but you can use your native terminal if you want.<br />
the hyper configuration file for this theme you can [get here](https://gist.github.com/emkis/80bf4a7ca07ccb3e9befda748445456b#file-minimal_border-green-hyper-js)

### :wrench: shell | tools | plugins
this is the step by step to install everything you need tools, if you have something you already have installed, or don't want to use, just skip this step

#### 1. git
```bash
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install git -y
```

#### 2. curl
```bash
sudo apt-get install curl
```

#### 3. nvm
```bash
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/master/install.sh | bash

# you can define the version like this: ...`/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.37.2/install.sh`...
# after nvm installation is complete, close and reopen your terminal to start using nvm
```

#### 3. node  +  yarn
```bash
# to install the latest node lts version
nvm install --lts

# or if you want install the lastest version of node, run:
nvm install node

curl -sS https://dl.yarnpkg.com/debian/pubkey.gpg | sudo apt-key add -
echo "deb https://dl.yarnpkg.com/debian/ stable main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/yarn.list
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install yarn
```

#### 4. oh my zsh
```bash
sudo apt install zsh -y
sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/master/tools/install.sh)"
```

#### 5. adding *plugins* & *theme* to zsh
```bash
# installing plugins
git clone https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting.git ${ZSH_CUSTOM:-~/.oh-my-zsh/custom}/plugins/zsh-syntax-highlighting

git clone https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions ${ZSH_CUSTOM:-~/.oh-my-zsh/custom}/plugins/zsh-autosuggestions

git clone https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-completions ${ZSH_CUSTOM:=~/.oh-my-zsh/custom}/plugins/zsh-completions

# installing theme: Spaceship
git clone https://github.com/denysdovhan/spaceship-prompt.git "$ZSH_CUSTOM/themes/spaceship-prompt"

ln -s "$ZSH_CUSTOM/themes/spaceship-prompt/spaceship.zsh-theme" "$ZSH_CUSTOM/themes/spaceship.zsh-theme"
```

#### 6. *setting up* zsh customizations
you need to open the `.zshrc` file in your home folder and add this configurations, **don't forget to change the username** in *line 2*

open the `~/.zshrc` file and paste this
```bash
# path to oh-my-zsh installation
export ZSH="/home/emkis/.oh-my-zsh"

# theme setting
# more themes here: https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh/wiki/Themes
ZSH_THEME="spaceship"

# just cool plugins
plugins=(
  git
  node
  yarn
  zsh-syntax-highlighting
  zsh-autosuggestions
  zsh-completions
)

# permission to zsh use root
ZSH_DISABLE_COMPFIX=true

# i've no idea, just leave this line here
source $ZSH/oh-my-zsh.sh

# spaceship theme customizations
SPACESHIP_PROMPT_ORDER=(
  user          # Username section
  dir           # Current directory section
  host          # Hostname section
  git           # Git section (git_branch + git_status)
  hg            # Mercurial section (hg_branch  + hg_status)
  node          # Node.js section
  exec_time     # Execution time
  line_sep      # Line break
  vi_mode       # Vi-mode indicator
  jobs          # Background jobs indicator
  exit_code     # Exit code section
  char          # Prompt character
)

SPACESHIP_PROMPT_ADD_NEWLINE=true     # add a new line after executing a command
SPACESHIP_CHAR_SYMBOL="⤷"             # custom symbol
SPACESHIP_CHAR_SUFFIX=" "             # character after the arrow
SPACESHIP_NODE_PREFIX=""              # removes prefix before node version

# definig path for yarn global packages
export PATH="$(yarn global bin):$PATH"

# defining path for nvm
export NVM_DIR="$HOME/.nvm"
[ -s  "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh" ] && \.  "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh"  # This loads nvm
[ -s  "$NVM_DIR/bash_completion" ] && \.  "$NVM_DIR/bash_completion"  # This loads nvm bash_completion

```

---

#### maybe this can give you dope ideas to create your terminal setup :bulb:

the spaceship theme have a lot of options to customize, find out more [here](https://github.com/denysdovhan/spaceship-prompt/blob/master/docs/Options.md)

**i love spaceship**, but you can find A LOT of cool themes for zsh [here](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh/wiki/External-themes)
